Well, good evening, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We're going to go ahead and pray, take communion like we always do, and worship a little bit.
We'll sing some songs and just flow with the Holy Spirit here to see what He has for us.
I want to go over some things the Lord has been talking to me about; it's been on my heart—a lot about the prophetic and all the chatter on the news right now: the internet, X, all of it, from the alien stuff to everything else going on.
We're in a time like we've never seen before.
Obviously, as everyone can see, the signs of the times are unfolding all around us.
I truly believe with all my heart that Jesus Christ is coming sooner than later.
He's coming back for His glorious church.
Now, there's so much chatter and so many voices.
There's more prophetic activity now than ever before because there's so much access to it through the internet.
But I really want you to get rooted in this: Romans 8:14.
You need to know: 'For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons and daughters of God.
' The text says 'sons,' but I'll add 'daughters' as well because it's for the whole Body of Christ.
It's for every believer who has confessed Jesus Christ as their Lord and Savior.
Every one of us is led by the Spirit of God.
We're not led by prophets anymore like they were in the Old Testament; we're led by the Spirit of God.
Now, God will use prophetic voices and prophecy to confirm things you already feel in your heart, but it's not meant for you to get off into 'weirdoville' and follow everyone who calls themselves a prophet on YouTube, X, or whatever.
You are led by the Spirit of God, and you need to understand that the Holy Spirit dwells inside of you.
If every voice on YouTube, X, or Facebook goes away and you ask, 'Well, what do I do now?
' you still have that still, small voice inside you.
The Holy Spirit is speaking so loudly, and He talks all the time.
He will lead you into all truth.
As you read the Word of God and get its foundation down inside of your heart—you must read the Word—the Word will be a lamp unto your feet and a light unto your path.
There's so much going on right now that I want to drive home this one beautiful verse, Romans 8:14.
If I don't say anything else to you tonight, you could take this verse and meditate on it for the rest of the week, and it's enough to sustain you: 'For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, they are the sons and daughters of God.
' I want you to be rooted in that.
You're led by the Spirit, not by the prophetic.
Prophecy will confirm; it exhorts and helps if you need a little confirmation.
I don't believe Brandon Biggs—and I say this all the time when people call me a prophet—I believe I'm a watchman.
I believe God called me and said, 'Brandon, I want you to go on YouTube and pray.
When you do this, I will show you things to come.
You'll pray about it, and some things will change while others will not.
But I want you to raise up a million-person prayer army of men and women.
You'll pray for elections, presidents, and things to come.
In doing so, the things I show you will be seen on the news and prove to be accurate.
' Do I miss it?
I can; I'm just as human as everyone else.
I don't label myself or have some big banner calling myself 'Prophet Brandon Biggs.
' I'm just a person who said yes to the Lord.
In doing so, He's blessed me.
It's been a very interesting learning experience—from the persecution to the people who say they like you one minute and then don't the next.
You can't be swayed by that anymore.
I have to realize that it's time to die.
Just like I was told by some elders: 'A dead man in a coffin, Brandon—you can yell at him and scream at him, but he doesn't move.
He has no emotion toward your screaming; that’s how you know he’s dead.
' The moment you realize that it doesn't matter how many people scream at you, call you false, or are mean like a school bully—it doesn't matter.
I said, 'Lord, I was bullied all through school, and it was really bad.
' It's the same with adults and cyberbullying.
The bullies in high school just grew up and are now the bullies on the internet.
But we don't fear them; we fear God.
The Lord said to me, 'Do you fear man, Brandon?
' I said, 'No, Lord, I fear You.
I'll say what You want me to say, and if I'm wrong, You'll correct me along the way.
I do the best I can.
' I try every time I go on here and pray with you.
If I miss it, I appreciate your grace as we keep pushing on.
I want to bring it home to you all that you don't need people like me; you need the Spirit of the Lord inside of you.
The moment you confess Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior, you are wall-to-wall Holy Spirit; He dwells inside of you.
It's all by grace—something you don't earn and don't deserve.
I want to emphasize that tonight as we pray and show you things in the news that we believe the Lord showed us previously.
We have the clips to show you that we said it before it was in the news.
The Lord said if you're chasing the news and praying what you see there, you're already too late.
You must pray what's coming, and He’ll show you before it's on the news.
We believe the news follows us because we are led by the Spirit of God.
When you're led by the Spirit, He'll show you that which is to come.
So, I want to encourage you to keep on keeping on.
Even when the waves of life try to knock you down, you're not moved by what you see or feel; you're moved by what the Word of God says.
If you feel you've missed it or been derailed by wrong choices—marrying the wrong girl or the wrong man, taking the wrong job, or moving into the wrong house—the steps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
The Lord said to me specifically one night when I was really upset about my daughter's reaction to a vaccination, blaming myself for the big mistake I thought I had made.
And he said, 'Brandon, you're not big enough to derail your life.
The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of me.
And if you're looking to me and you're keeping your eyes on me, what the devil meant for bad, I'll turn it around for good in your favor.
All you have to do is seek me, and I'll turn what the devil meant for bad, Brandon, good for you.
' The footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
And so I want you to be encouraged tonight that you're not big enough to derail your life.
If you are seeking him, what the devil meant for bad in your life, no matter what you did, no matter what you've done, God will turn it around on a dime.
If you are just seeking him, there is no sin big enough to keep you away from the love of God.
There's not sin enough to keep you away from heaven.
As long as you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
The only sin that I see in the scripture that's not forgiven is blasphemy of the Holy Spirit.
Other than that, he'll forgive you.
So, we just keep our eyes on Jesus.
We just keep our eyes on him and we remain strong.
So, don't get worried about your past.
Always look to him because he has you in the palm of his hand and he has your future.
And what the devil meant for bad, keep thinking that: what the devil meant for bad to derail my life, God's going to turn it around for good.
I don't care what you've done.
You say, 'Well, I used to be homosexual.
I was this.
I was that.
' God will turn it around.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need, and he will forgive you and wash you in his precious blood.
The moment you confess him as Lord and Savior and say, 'Lord, here am I.
Use me.
Do something with this life.
' I was that same person.
I've done that.
And I keep saying it over and over again, 'If you can use this, here am I.
If you can use nothing, just like Kathryn Kuhlman says, 'If you can use nothing, Lord, here am I.
Use me.
'' And I keep saying it over and over and over again.
And every time I do this broadcast, I say, 'I don't feel adequate enough to even do this, but you told me to do it.
' And in doing so, we had 33 people give their heart to Jesus Christ last night.
And the night before we had 58, and the night before that, we had 35 or 36.
So altogether this week, it's pretty nice so far.
Today's Wednesday, so we started on Sunday.
We'll give an altar call tonight, and I pray that many of you will come home.
All right.
Well, let's go over some of the things that we believe the Lord has showed us.
There's a lot going on and there's a lot being said about Perry Stone and all this big meeting with the senator or whatever it was, and it lines up with what the Lord warned us was coming.
You know, I went over it a thousand times in my heart what the Lord warned me about these false alien invasions and all these things in the sea, and the demonic things, and the aliens—these lizard people.
And I've seen the visions so clear that some of them are golden, some of them look like birds.
And the Lord said, 'Look at the hieroglyphics on the wall.
Look at the caves.
There's something coming.
' But I'm more concerned about what I see in the news today than even the aliens.
I don't believe there are aliens.
I don't believe there is some kind of ET.
I told you I believe it's fallen demonic Nephilim stuff, demon stuff.
So when the government comes out and they release this, and when it comes to pass—because I believe I've heard the Lord and this is just lining up with what we heard way before, clear back in 2014, and I came on here in 2021 and 2022 during COVID to warn you this, and then finally my channel took off and went to Trump's ear and all that—it's been amazing to watch what the Lord has done.
And so now we're going to keep watching.
Could this be it?
If it's not and this doesn't pan out, I'm still standing on what I feel like the Lord has said.
I don't sway by what's going on in the news.
I have to be rooted in what I believe, what the Lord has told me.
The news does not verify what I've told you.
The word of God told us that in the end times there'll be all this that's going on: wars and rumors of wars, plagues, false doctrine, false prophets, a great falling away.
What causes the great falling away?
Deception.
But what kind of deception?
Well, men will become lovers of themselves and so on and so on as it talks about in Matthew.
Well, could it be an alien deception that causes people to get upset and leave the church by the tens of millions?
At the same time, we see a great revival of the last outpouring pouring out on all flesh.
We already know that Joel chapter 2 has been fulfilled: 'This is that spoken by the prophet Joel.
' But I believe we're about to see one last major push for a harvest of souls.
Now, I want to show you...
Paisley's dogs are barking.
I want to show you what's going on in the news today.
Many of you are alarmed by this and upset.
Now, I told you what I believe.
What the Lord showed me is there's another major plague coming that's worse than COVID.
Now, I want to go over...
Do you have every one of those clips ready?
'I have the virus of what I said.
' No, but you can get it.
'Well, you need to put some of them up there, baby.
I thought you did.
I'm sorry if you want to skip that tonight because I want it to flow.
' Okay.
'Then I have the thing you said about the beef.
' You have that?
'I have that.
' Okay.
You can play that clip.
This is what I saw concerning the beef in the days ahead.
And this was what day?
June 27th, 2025.
This is what I saw coming concerning the beef.
There's coming a controlling of beef, a fear to eat beef.
A manipulation of the beef is coming.
There's something with the cows.
There's something wrong with the cows.
Kind of like a mad cow disease, like another flare-up of something wrong with the beef, trying to manipulate the market.
Beef becomes very expensive: organic beef, home beef.
There's something with the beef like cows.
I warned you, he said, about the chickens ahead of time, and that happened.
The eggs—remember that?
And all that happened.
It's just like he said it was going to happen; there was a shortage of all that and they were killing all the chickens.
He said there's about to be something with the beef with cows, but it's a bigger deal because cows take a long time to produce.
Chickens are fast; cows take a long time.
I don't know if it's a year or whatever, but it takes a long time to make a cow compared to a chicken.
So this is another control.
They'll fan it up to be more than it is.
They're fanning it up.
I see these dark people.
In fact, you know who that dark man is?
Bill Gates.
I said he has had his hand in a lot of stuff because I just saw his face.
I can say it better.
I saw them pushing worm burgers.
I saw them getting ready to push cricket burgers, an alternative meat source, over the United States of America and Europe in the days ahead.
When I had this vision and the Lord showed me, I saw worm burgers.
I saw all kinds of different bug source protein, and people didn't want to eat it.
But I saw they fanned something to make the cows sick, and the cows got sick, deer got sick, buffalo got sick.
Their blood was tainted, and if you ate it, it made you sick by eating this tainted beef like mad cow disease.
So they slaughter cows by the tens of thousands in the days ahead.
It's what I saw over a year ago.
And I said when they do this, I saw Bill behind it.
I didn't say his name because YouTube is friendly to this man.
I said it's the same thing about COVID and all this what's coming.
So hopefully I'm okay tonight even saying that, but it is all in my opinion concerning this.
I saw this coming and I said get ready.
But I saw organic beef on farms becoming very expensive for people to get beef—country folk wanting to have just beef, not like going to Walmart or Costco or Whole Foods.
This was very serious, but I saw that they fabricated this to make it worse than what it really was.
Now, I want to show you what came out in the news today.
What Braden found?
One tick bite.
This is what's going on.
The ticks are making the cows sick, tainting the blood of the cows.
Very interesting.
The lone star tick found across the United States carries a dangerous sugar molecule called alpha-gal.
Just one bite can change your life forever.
One bite can trigger alpha-gal syndrome.
You eat beef, pork, lamb, deer, or buffalo, and hours later, your body goes into attack mode: hives, severe stomach pain, vomiting, and anaphylaxis.
For some people, it means no more red meat ever again.
Funding the future.
You don't choose the endgame.
When you can't eat real meat anymore, what will be left?
Bill Gates' lab-grown meat is the solution they want you to accept.
Lone Star ticks are expanding fast.
Millions of Americans are at risk.
Symptoms are delayed; doctors often miss it.
Once you develop it, there is no cure.
Your diet, your health, your choice are being taken away by natural or by design.
This is what's out today.
If you look it up, it's on X and a lot of things.
Braden found it.
And this is what the Lord showed us.
I said, 'Do you have this video?
Can you show it?
' This guy is saying an allergy would help.
One example is that people eat too much meat, and if they were to cut down on their consumption, it would actually really help the planet.
But people are not willing to give up meat.
Some people will be willing to, but others have a weakness of will.
They say, 'This steak is just too juicy.
I can't do it.
' I'm one of those, by the way.
So here's the thought: it turns out that we know a lot about these intolerances.
For example, I have milk intolerance, and some people are intolerant to crayfish.
Possibly we can use human engineering to make it the case that we're intolerant to certain kinds of bovine proteins.
There are actually analogues of this in nature.
There's this thing called the lone star tick where, if it bites you, you'll become allergic to meat.
I can describe the mechanism.
So that's something that we can do through human engineering.
We can possibly address really big world problems through human engineering.
From what I understand, these ticks are causing problems, and it goes along with what the Lord showed us back in July of last year.
And now it's becoming a major deal.
I'm hearing you in the news and I'm like, I'm not eating any worm burgers and I am definitely not eating a cricket burger.
They want you to go vegan.
Well, we can eat poultry, but then what's wrong with the chickens in the days ahead?
It's just interesting because this is what the Lord warned us when we were praying.
Now, let's listen to China.
This is important because what did we see concerning China and the big panda in the last video?
I saw China turning its back and looking toward Taiwan, and it was salivating.
This is what the Lord showed me: that in the days ahead, China will take Taiwan, and they take it in two days—less than three.
Basically, they take Taiwan without much of a fight.
The same thing happened to Venezuela; it will happen to Taiwan.
The pursuit of Taiwan independence is a dead end, and its days are numbered.
This guy right here is basically a Chinese ambassador, and he's telling everybody that they're going to take Taiwan.
Go ahead, play it.
'There is only one China in the world, and Taiwan is an inalienable part of China's territory.
Facts have proven time and again that the one-China principle is an international consensus that has solid support and is simply unshakable.
The pursuit of Taiwan independence is a dead end and its days are numbered.
The more frantic Lai Ching-te's attempts are, the less possible they will lead him anywhere.
' When I saw this happening, I saw them attacking Taiwan, and then they hit the islands of Hawaii with a surprise Pearl Harbor attack.
I saw fire and people were running.
I told you all what I saw: people running trying to get away from fighter jets blowing up strategic military bases in America.
I pray this is in the tribulation, but I've seen this stuff over and over and I said, 'Pray for Hawaii.
' Pray for our bases in Hawaii because it's a midway point for our troops to gather, and China did a surprise attack.
China continues to supply drone components to Iran and Russia despite US sanctions.
So Russia and China are giving Iran stuff under the table.
He kind of looks like a panda bear, doesn't he?
Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi holds talks with the Iranian foreign minister.
So they're all having meetings.
China is condemning the US and Israel.
People say, 'Well, it's not World War III.
' I don't know.
China orders its oil refineries to ignore US sanctions and continue buying Iranian oil.
China says it has a right to use nuclear energy and Iran has a right too.
So China's really backing them.
But I said in the days ahead, I saw them taking Taiwan and there's not much of a fight.
Like I said, we're busy with Cuba and these other places.
That's why I said pray for Taiwan, South Korea, and Japan.
I saw a mother hen trying to gather her chicks in the days ahead, bringing them close to the hen.
Keep going.
We saw things about the ticks.
I want you to hear what President Trump says.
I thought this was interesting that he quotes the number the Lord gave us concerning $200 a barrel.
The stock market's higher now than when we started this war.
And I thought oil prices would go to $200 or $250.
It's at $100 now.
And I think you're surprised, and I'm surprised.
But even if it went to 200, it would have been worth it.
I understood that.
We had just set a record.
And that's interesting because he's quoting even what the Lord said, but he's even surprised it didn't.
Did prayer stop that?
I feel in my heart—I don't feel like it's over quite frankly, but it's all in my opinion.
Could it still hit $200 a barrel?
If Israel does something that I've seen concerning this mountain, they say Rubio—do you have Rubio?
Yes.
Rubio quotes exactly what we saw in prayer also.
And he says that the stuff is deep in the earth in the uranium.
Yes.
The uranium is in the middle of the mountain, in the bottom of the mountain.
Now we've seen that over and over if you've prayed with me.
Everything is in the news now.
I think you're linking it.
The operation is over.
Epic Fury—the president notified Congress.
We're done with that stage of it.
Okay.
We're now on to this project of freedom.
As far as a negotiation is concerned, I think the president's been clear that part of the negotiation process has to be not just the enrichment, but what happens to this material that's buried deep somewhere that they still have access to if they ever wanted to dig it out.
That has to be addressed, and that's being addressed in the negotiation.
I'm not going to go further on what progress has been made on that topic because I don't want to endanger the negotiations, but suffice it to say that the president and this entire team is aware of the centrality of that question, and that will have to be addressed one way or the other.
I think you're linking it.
Did he say it?
He didn't say anything about it being in the—is that it?
I don't think that's the clip.
Was that right?
I was listening for it.
Yeah, he said, 'get buried deep within.
' Okay.
So, you heard him say it.
I zoned out.
He said, 'buried deep within the buried deep uranium.
' Yep.
Uranium's deep in the earth.
And I said it was down there and they actually have places they were splitting it up because in case some of it was—And then I saw they had one bomb that was an atom that hadn't been tested and they said, 'We believe it will work.
' And I could hear their conversations in the meeting and the Lord allowed us to when we were praying about this device.
It was on a black rocket and they were saving it wanting to use it for Israel.
What is Zelensky doing here?
Okay.
And then he said the former high-ranking French intelligence and security officer—Zelensky does not want to end the war.
No.
Why?
Because of you, France.
I saw Zelensky that didn't want it because of Macron.
And Macron was wanting to give him these missiles.
If you've prayed with us, this is what I said.
They don't want.
And he was a puppet.
And his nose got really long, and Zelensky was being used as a puppet.
And I saw him snorting cocaine in a room with prostitutes and he was on like a marionette, and the Lord said, 'Watch in the days ahead what happens.
' And I saw like a Jason Bourne type scene and like a movie, and they take him out in the days ahead.
Who?
Russia and America will eliminate his life.
I saw it.
And they'll bring in a proxy government and it will be pro-Ukraine and pro-Russia in the days ahead.
Now he's saying he doesn't want to stop war.
So Russia has broken the ceasefire.
Ukraine will respond.
So he's upset and they're, you know, war higher.
It is no ceasefire.
I saw that his days are about to be up.
Ready?
Is that it?
Do you have the things?
Because the virus is the most important thing of the night.
Yes, you can play some of it.
But I'll just go over it.
Okay.
You want me to just go over it?
Yeah.
But I wanted you to verify everything that I've said because the haters are going to hate, but we got to show them what the Lord is telling us.
Ready?
The Lord showed me back in 2023 and before that there was a virus coming worse than COVID and that it would kill over 350 million people in the days ahead.
And the Lord showed me it would be lab.
I went on Alex Jones' show and I told everybody about this over a year ago.
Right after Trump's ear, Alex Jones invited me to come on his show and I warned everybody.
I said, 'Y'all are not ready for what's coming.
' And I saw a genetically modified—like it was created by a lab, but they took the code of the DNA or whatever this is that I saw in a lab and created a new part of a COVID virus, splicing it with how your body reacts to certain medications: blood pressure medicine, diabetic medicine, high cholesterol medicine, things that were concerning obesity.
Okay.
And I saw them splicing this into this virus and they started to inject it into rats.
Do you have the picture?
Yes.
Show that picture so I can show them.
Braden made this picture because I wanted to show all the things that I was seeing and they have this virus now that is made with rats and it was on a cruise ship and people died.
Well, they've taken these bodies, these people, these sick people to Switzerland and supposedly it is spreading.
See, he traveled on a cruise ship.
And so it's by mice.
It's by rats.
It's in Switzerland.
And what did the Lord say?
He said it will start in Europe.
The Lord said, do you have the videos on that?
They have the World Health Organization.
They're all freaking out about this virus and it's all about rats.
Five confirmed cases.
World Health Organization.
And I said, 'It starts out really small, but they released the rats in public in the days ahead.
' And I saw the rats that were affected and they made people sick.
And it was like the black plague, like rats, like off the fleas.
Remember what happened back in the 1400s or whatever it was.
And they took this thing with AI and they spliced—they did something with it.
They took it and they refined out the code from the Black Death from back hundreds of years ago.
And they brought it back and they injected it into the rat and the rat was able to live and spread it.
And the Lord said they first practiced with bats and now they will practice with rats and another strain of like a COVID virus that will not have a cure.
Do you show them that me driving?
You can show them where they had the tents.
Go ahead.
Show them.
I had all this very detailed stuff that I've told you is coming.
Play this.
You can just play some of it.
Okay.
Let's show the car right here.
Ready?
You can see this now.
I drive around and show you where I see it and where I saw all this in the vision.
I went to the actual place of where all this takes place.
When Jesus took me there, so I told Braden today, I said, 'I want to drive down and show them the Target store of where I saw the people lined up during the plague trying to get handouts for food.
' They had little sacks of food they were passing out at this Target and the line started right here at this door.
It wasn't at that door.
It was at this door in the vision that the Lord showed me yesterday.
Now, this is the second time the Lord has showed me people lined up, spaced out trying to get food rations from this Target in the future.
I don't know why it's interesting when the Lord shows you certain places and he showed me this.
So, the line went all the way down and it goes all the way in front of this Lowe's right here, right here in the street.
It goes all the way down.
There are no cars moving around.
The parking lots were barren.
In the vision, there was nobody driving around.
The line goes all the way down in front of this Lowe's.
That is how many people there are when the plague happens, which you'll see in just a second.
I know it's difficult because of all this traffic here, but it goes all the way to the street corner to the street called Bryant and it turns right.
There's probably a couple thousand people in that line all the way down, and it goes clear down and stops right here on this sidewalk.
It was all down that side where I saw it, and people were lined up in nice clothes.
They were dressed up really nice—they didn't look dirty or whatever, just like normal people.
I just thought it was kind of interesting in the vision what I was seeing even with this last one.
And see, now this is where the tent city was because the hospitals are full.
I saw at this Sprouts—they shut down the Sprouts and they put makeshift tents for medical support all in this town in Edmond, Oklahoma.
They have tents everywhere.
I'm showing you where I saw it in the vision.
I'm driving around to show you where the tents were because the hospitals were full and there was no place to put all the dead bodies.
So, I'm showing you all spread out here with cots.
All this was all tents, like military tents.
And you could see cots all in this parking lot.
There was no longer a grocery store.
The grocery store was not being used, but they were using it for medical purposes right here in this parking lot in the vision.
So, like I said, in the spirit, I could see this again.
I was driving on this road right here, and I could see this Sprouts parking lot just like I'm driving right here, and I could see this Methodist church.
You see it, son, right here?
You can see that Methodist church and that was in the vision.
And this big tree on my right—it had yellow leaves.
That's why I knew it was fall.
That tree right here in the vision with this little school, this Territorial School—that tree there had yellow leaves and it was all turning for the fall.
That's how I knew it was fall time, but I just thought, 'Wow.
' Because when I'm driving and looking at this church and I'm at this stoplight and I see those makeshift military tents, that yellow tree, and this right here—that was all in the vision.
And then as I kept driving in the vision, I could see this Target coming up with the Lowe's and the people lined up outside.
See, the University of Central Oklahoma is right there.
It's a major college in central Oklahoma in Edmond.
It's right down the street.
So, you can see that everything was—the food rationing, the dead bodies—it was all right there what the Lord showed me in this vision.
It was concerning this virus and I said it will be made with rats.
I said it will start out—you have the clip with Trump when I said Trump gets behind the podium and I said I had a dream.
I said Trump gets behind there and says, 'My fellow Americans, we're stopping the spread.
' It's during his term.
And when I had this, Trump was not president; Joe Biden was.
And I said in the days ahead, Trump will be president and he will stand behind the podium and say, 'There's another virus.
' This was before Trump's ear thing, before all of it, before him being mugshot, and I told you, I said I see this and I had a dream.
And this is what the Lord said in the dream.
Now, when was this?
March 19, 2024.
Joe Biden was president.
In the dream, I was sleeping.
I wake up in my dream and I'm looking out my window at my house, and I pick up my phone and see all these news bulletins from YouTube and friends, people trying to tell me what was going on.
I go and look at my phone and start seeing that there is a major announcement by the United States government and I see the president, but in this dream it's President Trump again.
President Trump is holding a podium with the presidential seal and he starts talking.
He has a blue suit on with a white shirt and a red tie, just like he usually wears, but it was a really bright blue suit.
He was very somber in his face and he said, 'My fellow Americans, I have an announcement to make.
There's another virus.
' He starts explaining to everybody that this virus is basically a new virus that is going to dwarf COVID, that made COVID look like it was a wimpy virus compared to what this new virus is.
The death ratio was skyrocketing even higher than COVID did.
This started in Europe, which was interesting, and he was making an announcement that we were going on lockdowns again instantaneously.
I felt like, 'Oh no, this is what I saw in my dream.
' I'm thinking, 'This is what the Lord showed me.
This is the virus that I've warned you all about and here it comes.
' I was thinking in the dream, 'I'm not prepared enough.
I need to get more supplies.
' He was calling for a major lockdown.
He was calling for no international flights coming in or going out.
He was telling everybody that we were going on another lockdown, like an extended lockdown for twenty-some days to stop the spread because there were some cases in America up northeast and he was taking precautions to lock everything down because of what was happening overseas.
And so people were perishing like I told you all—they were heavy-set, obese people.
I just remember watching the news in the dream and then when he made the announcement that we were going on lockdowns again, people panicked.
They were hitting the grocery stores, hitting the Walmart Supercenters—all of it.
And they were wiping stuff out, buying everything they could get their hands on in the dream.
It was almost like people were in a panic because of what they had already lived.
They already knew what was coming.
So people were acting crazy in the grocery stores, not just about toilet paper this time.
It was about everything—chips, whatever they could get their hands on—buying it and filling their buggies.
It was that way for everything.
And I remember in the dream watching the news, which was such a weird dream with all the major news networks talking about, 'This is a new virus, this is a new pandemic.
' It dwarfs COVID.
So in other words, I had the dream the Lord told me and he said Trump would be president at the time Joe Biden was president.
And it was prior—you can see the date.
I've had visions even whenever I've prayed with you all about it spreading in Europe first and it causes the Euro to crash.
It was the plan to bring forth digital currencies to destroy the Euro and I saw it would eventually affect the American economy and it was awful.
People fought against the lockdowns and they said, 'We're not locking down this time.
' And they fought and I could see the sun go up and the sun go down.
It was a time-lapse in front of my face.
And people slowly stopped coming to work.
And then they barricaded the doors with a yellow caution tape.
And I could see that once the people got it without intervention from the Holy Spirit, you went home.
There was no stopping this virus.
It was instantaneous; if they got it, it was a death sentence.
It was that strong.
And then I saw people with white suits, white ties, white shirts, white shoes representing purity, I guess, with an anointing on them, started walking in a Holy Ghost glow.
And they started raising the dead and laying hands on these people, and the glory of the Lord delivered.
And I saw again, go back to the original video from Trump's ear.
I said I saw a black thin thing.
Do you have the end of that?
Yeah.
We did a combination in that one video.
This one.
Where's that?
Yeah.
You can play some of it.
I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you because what we're seeing in Europe—and there's many of you that are not praying enough, helping me with this.
I know there's a lot of you that are, but this is serious.
When I started getting the emails from people going, "Brandon, is this the virus?
" I didn't think it was coming in 2026.
I believe this is a test run.
I pray, but I heard the Lord say, "You won't stop it.
You can lessen it.
" And I saw it was going to start in November or December, like I told you, and the fall leaves coming down, and it got really bad February, March, April, May, June, July, and it was really bad in the spring months.
Now, people say, "Brandon, when?
" I thought in my...
when I've prayed over it, it's 2028, the end of 2027 going into 2028.
That's whenever I was seeing this.
Now, can it be delayed?
I don't know.
All I know is when I saw what I saw on the news and it was rats, I was like, "Oh, no.
It should not be this year.
This should not be happening already with these mice, these rats on these boats.
" And people go, "Well, Brandon, your words are powerful.
You're doing all this.
" No, no.
I want to...
I see this to prepare to pray.
And it's very serious what I saw because I saw it looked like...
Okay, I want you just to be real.
If you've ever flown across America and picture everyone in this whole country deceased, there's only 348 million people that live from coast to coast, from the Gulf to Canada.
348 million people.
I saw 350.
That means the whole population of the United States of America will be gone.
That's how many people were affected by this virus.
There's 349 million and I saw 350 million.
So that means from coast to coast, all major cities, Houston, everybody is completely gone.
And people say, "Well, that's not very many concerning, Brandon; we have 8 billion people in this world.
" Well, okay.
I've had people say that and I just go, "I don't know what you're on, but okay.
" I mean, it's a lot.
So, the Lord gives me specific numbers.
I saw them all in freezers.
And I saw a big Red Cross ship ship parked outside of New York.
A big white Red Cross ship, military ship parked out of New York.
And there was nothing nobody could do other than use the Holy Ghost and fire.
And that's why the Lord showed me this.
And I've been praying over this for years now.
So when I saw the mice and the boat and all that, and it was in Europe and Switzerland, I went, and that's what I've been praying over today because it bothered me a lot.
I went, "This shouldn't be already.
This is 2026.
This is 2027 going into 2028.
" I thought we had time, and that's why I thought when I was praying over it, I was hearing "test run.
" That's what I was getting in my spirit.
So, that's what we're going to pray about tonight.
I've showed you enough, I believe.
Do you have a little bit more?
You can show them a little bit more.
And then you said this one here.
Okay, play it.
This is one recording.
Remember?
Okay, go ahead.
You can play it.
This is December 28th of 2023.
At his head like this and he was crying, but he was not...
he was crying and asking for mercy.
He was crying out for mercy concerning America and he was interceding, but it was a different type of Trump.
He was skinnier for one and he looked tired.
He looked very worn out, per se, but he was broken to the point where he was interceding.
And all of a sudden, I saw pastors in the Oval Office with him, walking around praying.
He had called for people to pray with him.
And I could see these men—they weren't just standing there behind him, like I've seen pictures before in the past.
They were actually pacing and interceding in the Oval Office, praying in tongues, praying in the spirit, in the Oval Office.
I saw it.
And they were all interceding.
I saw a man—I don't know who he was, but I believe he's a pastor from somewhere—had a bald head right here.
And he had hair on the side similar to mine, but he was balder.
I mean, he had no hair right here.
And it was all on the sides.
He had hair, but he was a tall man that was skinnier.
He was a slender man.
Well, compared to me, he was very slender in my opinion, but he was probably 250.
And so he was walking back and forth praying and he had a gray suit on, a white shirt, and no tie.
It was unbuttoned right here.
He was praying in there.
So, I don't know.
It was like they were just praying, and I could see the pastors and they were interceding in there, and tears were just flowing out of his face when he was interceding for the nation and all of a sudden, now this is very interesting.
I saw...
do you like whenever you see the paddles for the...
you're going to shock somebody to wake them up?
I saw those hitting the nation of America.
Boom.
And I saw shock waves go over the land, pulses.
And it was like this.
And I could see the shocks again.
Boom.
And I could see it rippling across the land.
And all of that black started to move.
There was a thick black that started looking like waves of energy moving across the soil of America as this prayer was going on in the White House.
And then all of a sudden the Lord said, "Look," I saw up north toward the North Pole.
And I saw a light that looked like a match.
And all of a sudden, black was all over the world at this time.
It was a black that was all over the world.
And if you would take an egg—this is the way I'm going to describe it.
If you were to take an egg and you were to put pressure from the inside out like a chick breaking forth, that's the way this dome that was a half of a sphere that was over this area looked.
It was a half, but it was breaking.
The light was a match.
And all of a sudden this energy, which I want to call Holy Ghost energy...
I don't know, it was like the Holy Spirit, the anointing...
took it and exploded that blackness off, and it started to fall in pieces like an egg, like a splitting of an egg and it was like shattering like ice cracking, it all split out and all of a sudden that anointing, that glow, that light from this match, this light...
it was the most intense light I've ever seen.
Again, similar to what's at the Father's throne.
It was at a center, but there was light upon light around it from the north.
And it split this black out and it exploded.
And all of a sudden, that light started sending rays of light through that eggshell-looking thing.
This membrane is what I want to call it.
It started to split and the light started shining all through it and then the light started to spread.
I couldn't figure out what that was, but that's what I saw when I was praying.
After I saw all the cots and all the stuff, I saw people, men and women of God dressed in white.
And the men had white suits on in the spirit realm with white ties, white shirts, white slacks, and white shoes.
And outside of them was a glowing, looked like honey.
The honey was saturating them and there was a light that shined outside of them that went about three feet.
The glory of the Lord was so present on these individuals.
And the Lord said, "This will be the remnant that rises up and there will be a supernatural covering over them when this stuff happens.
" And I saw a glory glow all over these remnant people.
And when this thing, the plague, whatever this is, tries to get on them, it died because of the glow, the honey glow.
The honey glow ate that smog.
That smog that I told you was waist high.
The smog would try to penetrate the honey glow and it would kill it.
The glory of the Lord.
And he said this to me.
He said, "For what is coming, son, you will not survive it if you do not have an understanding of the power of the name of Jesus.
" He said, "The people who are going to walk in this honey glow will have a revelation of the glory and the power of the Lord inside of them and have a revelation of their covenant, a revelation knowledge, not just a saying out of your mouth, like a parrot.
He said it will be a rhema word.
He said, if you're waiting until this happens, you're too late.
Why I'm telling you to tell my people to get in the word, why I'm telling you to teach my people to pray.
He said if they wait until this is coming at their door, it will be too late, for this is going to be a development right now, a very fast—you've got to take this serious.
This is not something that you can just halfway do.
This is going to have to become your breath, listening and following the leading of the voice of the Lord for your life.
" So the Lord told me, he said, "You must bring in the harvest while it is day, for night is coming.
The window of opportunity for some people is closing, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" Brandon, but you must get—he said a lot of them will not learn how to stand and learn how to believe against this right because they are just baby Christians, a lot of them.
But he would rather that they get born again with the harvest of souls that are coming, bringing in as many people as we can so that they don't go to hell, versus if they don't know how to believe for a healing.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Saying the sinner's prayer is the ultimate thing that we need people to do.
And people say, "Well, that's better.
" No, it's everything.
It's not better than nothing; it's everything.
For a man to be born again is everything.
That's all that they really truly need to know.
Now, standing in this life and having health, healing, and wellness is the ultimate.
But the ultimate thing for us right now is to preach Jesus Christ is coming and that he is coming soon and that we need them to get born again and baptized in the Holy Ghost.
Whatever we can do to turn them in the right direction.
For there are many people if they get this and it happens the way I've seen and we do not pray to lessen this or to try to stop it completely, there will be many people that die and go to hell.
Many.
I've seen it.
And this is a very serious, stern word.
But these people are ruthless.
And what I have seen is darker than what you can imagine because it shook me.
I tried to call other people to tell them what the Lord showed me and what I was praying over because I wasn't trying to scare everybody.
And I said, "I don't know how to handle this.
I have to pray over this.
I have been shown something very, very dark.
" And the Lord told me this.
He said, "Steve Cioccolanti, the sermon that he's preaching about the horses, go back and listen to him on that horse sermon.
" And I told him, I said, "Listen, Pastor Steve, you must preach this sermon more.
For I saw this in the spirit that you're one of the only ones that have ever preached this, and you must go over this and preach this over and over and over again where we are in the end times.
" And he said, "The Lord already spoke to me about this last week, Brandon.
" I said, "Wow, praise the Lord.
" He wrote a book.
Praise the Lord.
It was confirmation because I know what I heard, but he heard it, too.
So, he's going to start preaching it more and more and more like a voice crying in the darkness, a voice that's warning what's coming as loud and as fast as we can.
For the Lord spoke to me and he said, "Brandon, many of my prophetic voices have a mixture right now.
They are not hearing the clear word of what's going on.
They're prophesying from down here.
They must prophesy from the throne room.
They have to come up higher with the fire in the prophetic words.
" For I saw an ear that had wax in it that didn't have a clear path and a clear hearing to the Father because they were so filled with the mixture and their ears were clogged from hearing the clear message.
You know, whenever you get a radio signal and the radio signal you can hear it faintly if it's not all the way in tune, as you move the radio frequency, it becomes more clear with TV or anything.
So when you have bunny ears, you have to move them.
So that's what's happening right now with the prophetic voices that are going forth all throughout this land; a lot of them are not hearing a clear message from the Father because they're filled.
I saw the ego come in.
The Lord said, "The more they get the praise of man, the more they don't deflect the glory unto me.
They get a big head.
They're getting this big, arrogant attitude of thinking it's them, and they're only the vessel that God is using, similar to the donkey that was carrying Jesus in on Palm Sunday.
They were throwing the palms down at the donkey's feet and he could have a big attitude and a big ego thinking that they're worshiping him, but they were worshiping what was on his back: Jesus.
" So, we have a lot of people right now, the Lord showed me, that are getting filled with pride, getting filled with the world.
And because there is a mixture, they're not hearing the clear word of what is coming.
They're hearing bits and pieces of what's coming, but they're not hearing the full effect of what's coming because they're not truly having their hearts surrendered to him.
And as you surrender to him, he will show you that which is to come.
But he will not allow a mixture in you because he will not share his glory.
You must turn your ear to the Father and clean it out with spiritual ointment or peroxide—cleaning out the things that are junk so that you have a vessel that is pure and that he can speak through you on an intimate level.
Yes.
Losing yourself in him.
Less of me and more of him.
I want to be at the spout where the glory comes out.
I want to be where you are, Father.
And many people don't want to hear.
Okay.
I don't know how many minutes we've been doing this.
An hour.
So, we gave you an hour of this.
Let's pray.
As we see the virus on a boat and it's with rats...
and you know what?
When I've prayed over it again today, I was praying all over it this afternoon.
I said, "Lord, it's too early.
" He said, "Test run, test run, test run.
" I said, "Okay, so the main event's coming, trial runs.
" We're in the last days and Jesus told us there will be plagues, there'll be pestilence, there'll be these things, but fear not.
Fear not.
Why?
Because he's with us.
I'm not concerned about it.
I know the birthing pains, wars, and rumors of wars.
These things are all unfolding in front of us at a rapid pace.
The labor pains are getting stronger and stronger as of the first of when Passover came.
Now, here we are from Rosh Hashanah, which will be 9/11.
During that time frame, we have this window of like five months or whatever.
And then he said they'll get stronger again.
They'll increase more.
And when I was talking about Steve Cioccolanti, he wrote a book about the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse.
He has the book on there and he's advertising right now.
He finished the book.
He's actually trying to advertise it right now.
When was this?
January 28, 2025.
Okay, so January 28, 2025, he was writing that book and now it's released and he has it all over his site and he's talking about it.
It's the horsemen of the Apocalypse and that's what I was talking to him about on the phone that day.
And so here we are with the warnings that we're seeing.
I mean, he's talking about the green horse and the black horse and where we are at the signs of the times.
Like I said, I'm not here to try to scare anybody.
I'm trying to tell you all we got to pray.
My main job, I feel like, is to be a watchman and to keep warning you.
And so, we continue to do that.
So, I hope that blessed you.
I don't know if that's much of a blessing, but it's very stern.
It should shake you.
It's a shaking to awaken.
For the Lord said again, 'You'll not make it if you don't understand the power and the authority of the name of Jesus.
You will not make it if you don't understand who you are in Christ.
' There's coming a day.
Hey, son.
Do you have the one with Pastor Tracy?
There were other prophetic voices.
Pastor Tracy Harris from Texarkana and he prophesied about it.
And it was during when Sister Billie was there and she said, 'Are you mad at me?
' She said, 'Don't throw tomatoes at me, but it wouldn't hurt to have some cans of tuna.
' Sister Billie said, 'Don't you know, for what's coming, we know there's a storm coming is what she says.
' Do you have that?
That was back several years ago.
See, when you're singing in the spirit, God is merciful.
He gives you time just like he did Joseph.
He gave him seven years to prepare.
But most of the people just scoff it off in the body of Christ.
'Oh, it ain't going to happen.
I've never seen anything like that before in this generation.
' Oh, Brandon.
But the Lord will yell and yell.
'Get ready.
Get ready.
Get your heart ready.
Pray.
' because he's a merciful God.
But the signs of the times, he's not going to go against his word.
He told us these things are coming.
Matthew 24 will happen.
We're not going to go against the word.
And the Lord told us we'll see these things.
So when we're seeing these things, it shouldn't be a shock and awe to us.
Can you play what Pastor Tracy said there?
That's what Sister Billie said.
I was doing that.
This is one of my first videos I ever made.
November 10th, 2023.
I was trying to warn you about the storm.
There's coming a storm.
But there'll be a calm after it.
And there's going to be judgments now.
That's Sister Billie.
You can sense some things.
And we're not talking the great tribulation.
You will not even be here.
But here in the Ozarks, Shel and I—how many years ago was that, son?
The ice storm.
You know what year that was?
Well, you don't have to play it all, son; we'll be here all night.
Electricity for two weeks.
Trees broke everywhere.
How many of you around here remember that?
I do.
I remember it happened here in Oklahoma.
It was 13 years ago.
So, Pastor Tracy gave a word and he even talked about this.
So when you're seeing in the future, you don't know where a lot of times when you're underneath that glory.
Like I tell you, it's very hard to pinpoint time.
So there's a lot of people always throwing eggs at you saying you miss it, but you're seeing into the future.
And a lot of times you don't know where you're seeing.
'I'll try to...
it's this year' and you're off.
And a lot of people go, 'Well, see, he's false.
' I'm seeing into the future.
And so it's interesting because Pastor Tracy, I know hears the voice of the Lord.
I see him a lot in dreams.
He'll visit and talk to me in dreams and stuff.
He's a great intercessor.
So it's interesting.
Even he saw...
can you play it right there?
Go ahead.
Suddenly as I'm laying there praying and I'm just overwhelmed by what he's saying to me.
He's in the throne...
what we have and the authority of faith in that name and what we're going to do.
It wasn't but a matter of minutes.
And he said this, 'There are things coming on the earth that without revelation of the power and the authority of the name of Jesus, my people will not survive.
' I'm trying to tell y'all.
Can you see why I had to build your faith before I started talking to you?
You can't get caught up in the things I'm going to say.
Because if you're natural-minded, you're going to worry about, 'Well, what is it?
What's the Lord saying?
What's coming on the earth?
' That's not the point.
The point is stay on point.
And if you'll do what I'm telling you to do, you'll survive no matter what's coming in the earth.
So stay on point.
I don't want to say this, but I'm bound to.
I'm in the office he gave me.
I really don't want to say this because it's his church, but I have no thing other that I can say about his church, but what the head of the church is telling me.
I don't want this to be.
I'm believing God this won't be.
But I saw it and it comes up in me again.
And he said, 'While you're under this anointing, say it.
' Yes, sir.
You're about to see in the shift churches right now that are absolutely going and blowing.
And you think, 'Oh, wow.
They're doing great.
' And in a short time, if they will not take hold of the full gospel and operate in the authority of this name, they're literally going to look like somebody drove a truck through there.
I mean, it's going to be cleaned out like somebody sucked them out of there with the back of the car.
Some to the curse, some dead, some in the hospital, and others say, 'I can't.
I'm not getting what I need here.
' And they're going to come.
They're going to race to the glory.
They're going to rise out of darkness and come to the light.
They do not have anything in their arsenal to deal with what I saw coming.
So the prodigals are coming home and the weak, anemic, selfish Christians that want the church to pat them on the back are about to get an awakening.
Startled, sprinkled by the power of God.
You mark my words, the remnant church is going to become the place to be.
Hallelujah.
And they are coming from the north, the south, the east, and the west.
They are going to jump in the river.
And the river is going to come right to the perfect mountain.
Purity is going to be at a premium.
It's going to be hard to find, but it won't be hard to recognize when you find it.
The real from the...
did you hear what I said?
It'll be kind of rare, so it'll be hard to find, but it won't be hard to recognize it when you do find it.
Glory be to God.
I don't want this to happen.
I don't want whole churches to be decimated, but they're going to be steamrolled by this thing if they don't rise up and understand who they are in Christ.
Because churches are the bullseye of the target, right?
He is raising up a church, a nation within a nation.
And he's raising up some voices, young and old alike, that are going to run together.
I'm telling you, then he said this word: 'Purity will be at a premium in the last days.
' Purity.
Now, this is open-ended.
What I'm going to read to you is the final line because he said it to me as a general, but you need to get it down in your heart.
I feel the anointing.
This will become the most important survival skill for the body of Christ.
Did you hear what I just said?
He said to me, 'This will become the most important survival skill for the body of Christ—not canned foods and dried foods or water or anything else.
This will become the most important exclamation point: the revelation of the power and the authority of the name of Jesus.
' Exactly.
When God is saying prepare, he's not talking about buying your 777 good luck dried food package where your family can eat for five years in a cave.
If he speaks to you, you're going to know it.
He can wake you up in the middle of the night and tell you, 'Go buy this, go do this,' and he'll tell you how long it lasts, when it's coming, where it's coming from, and you'll have time to go do it, and he'll open the door for you.
I'm not against savings accounts or having food put back or water or buying at a discount or in bulk.
I'm not against any of that.
What I'm against is the fear that's causing you to do it and the trust in it.
Because I can guarantee you, if you've got three weeks of water, then what, big boy?
Are you only going to live three weeks past the problem?
This will be the most important survival skill, bar none, in the end times: the revelation of the power and the authority of the mighty name that's above every name, where we can handle life that will bring fish, water, and bread in the desert when there's no river.
Yes, God can fly bread to Elijah on ravens.
He is not going to have a problem getting your stuff to you.
I don't care what kind of pandemic is going on.
Glory to God.
We're not going to run out of trees, so you're going to have heat.
Go cut some trees and have a fire.
It amazed me in Y2K, the people that just went crazy.
I was ministering around Chicago and people were acting a fool.
I said, 'Y'all are scared of running out of water?
You've got Lake Michigan right there.
' People go nuts.
Fear will make you stupid.
I'm telling you right now, the authority of that name.
Glory to God.
The authority of that name.
I said glory to God, the authority of the name.
We're going to launch into it.
We're going for it.
Glory to God.
It starts here.
You're about to see the revelation of the name of Jesus explode all over the world because if it doesn't, the Holy Ghost can't come finish this harvest.
There's going to be a massive harvest.
I'm going to be the only one preaching it, but he told me that, as a matter of fact, I would be one of the tips of the spear.
So I'm getting after it.
I'm about to get after it because, by and large, my generation has little to no revelation of it.
And what revelation they did learn thirty years ago, they lost.
And they're not operating in it.
But there is glory in that name.
I hear the Holy Ghost.
There's a saying: 'There's power in that name.
' And I'm named with that name.
Whatever that name can do, I can do.
Anything that name can do, I can do.
I've been given the name; therefore, whatever the name can do, I can do because it's my name.
I'll never be intimidated in front of a sick person as long as I'm putting my hands on them in that name.
I'll never be intimidated in front of a demon-possessed person as long as I know when the devil manifests, I've got that name to use.
There'll be no banker's statement, no doctor's report, no lawyer's plea or suit, no law or government transaction, no threatening letter from the IRS.
There'll never be anything that we have to draw back from or be intimidated by as long as we know we've got that name.
I've got that name.
I tell you, I'm totally convinced of this.
This is so strong.
Can you understand?
We just went through a portal.
We literally just went through a shift.
We just stepped somewhere today.
This is the ninth month of the year; this thing's coming to pass for us.
The Lord spoke to me in a dream and he said he was increasing that man's supply times three.
I never got to talk to him privately about it, but I just had the dream a couple days ago.
And he spoke to me and he said, 'I'm increasing his supply.
I'm increasing his supply.
' And the anointing on his life is going to increase times three in the days ahead.
I thought it was neat.
Now we're seeing that.
So maybe he's watching—God's about to do something more with this.
The finances of this man's ministry, with his pastor, and with the increase of the anointing and the supply on his ministry, he's increasing it times three.
And the Lord said, 'Get ready.
' That's what I saw concerning this man.
God's raising up key figures and key voices in this end-time army that will be on an amplification.
It will have an amplified voice and it will be so loud that everyone will hear it.
He said, 'I'm turning up the volume.
I'm increasing the supply three times.
' That word, he was warning about a major shaking coming with another virus.
And that's why I was talking about a storm coming.
So Sister Billye got it too when she was praying.
She said, 'There's a storm coming.
' So this was 2023.
But the Lord warns way in advance.
November 10th of 2023, way in advance, he warns and tells his people to get ready.
So here we are in 2026, three years later almost, and God is shaking things.
It's a three-year window.
It's interesting; you can feel it with the economy and all the things that are going on right now with the increase.
But what the Lord kept talking to us about, even tonight, is that you must know who you are in Christ.
Have an understanding and a revelation of the power and the authority of the name of Jesus.
The Lord said the people will not make it in the days ahead, Brandon, if they don't have a revelation of Psalms 23 and Psalms 91.
I'm not talking about just echoing and parroting something.
You must have a revelation of who you are in Christ and what he has done for you and the great protection that he has provided for us and for those that are around us and connected with the communion, with everything, the anointing, and the angels.
As I closed out last night, I saw the angel armies again.
And the Lord said, 'utilize the angels, Brandon.
They're here.
' So I want to encourage us as we're getting ready to step over into this river real quick.
I know it's getting late, but you must know there is a seriousness of the hour as we see the signs of the times unfolding all around us.
Father, we lift up this body.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done.
I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
And we understand who we are in Christ.
Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world.
And we thank you, Lord.
No weapon formed against us is going to prosper.
Every tongue that rises against us, we condemn it.
We take authority over our circumstances spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally, whatever it may be, Father.
And I thank you, Lord, that we are free, for whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
We take this body in the name of Jesus and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise for what you did for us, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
We apply the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We thank you, Lord, that it never loses its power.
And we thank you, Lord, that it's covering us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we cover our minds.
We cover our emotions.
We thank you, Lord, that we hear your voice or stranger's voice.
We will not follow, like I just said.
And Father, we will hear you.
Devil, you'll not mess with any visions.
You'll not mess with anything.
Holy Spirit, if you want to show me anything in the future or whatever to warn the people, I'm here.
I yield.
I submit.
And I thank you, Father, for the blood of Jesus tonight in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
The blood never loses its power.
And that's why I try to teach you all to anoint yourself with oil.
You get this off of Amazon.
Somebody sent it to me from Amazon.
And I had Billy Burke's stuff he blessed me with, and he gave me—I use it all the time.
I don't have much left.
Billy, I need more oil.
I put the oil in here.
I don't think he sells it on there; I think he did it just to be a blessing.
But the oil just represents the blood, and I apply the blood over my mind.
I apply the blood over me.
I put a mark; I'm dedicated to him.
I anoint my kids with oil.
I anoint my house.
I anoint my cars.
I anoint my dog.
I anoint everything.
I just said, 'God, this all belongs to you.
Nothing I have is mine.
It's all yours.
Whatever I have been given, it's only because of you and how merciful you've been to me.
Great is your faithfulness to me, Lord.
' And I apply the blood of Jesus over all of it.
And the moment he says, 'Give it away,' I'll give it away.
I'm not attached to any of it.
I'm only attached to him.
And that's why I just dedicate.
And I believe that covering—that's what I was talking about last night.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I'm not afraid of death.
We shouldn't be afraid of death.
The devourer—why be afraid of something that's already been defeated by death, hell, and the grave?
Jesus whipped it once and for all.
And I believe to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
I believe that with long life, he'll satisfy me and show me his salvation.
Either you believe it or you don't.
And that's why I'm just saying, 'Hey, I believe it.
I'm a believing believer and I'm not a doubter.
' And for what I have seen coming and even what some of these others have seen, there's a storm.
And people say, 'Well, Brandon, when?
' Well, you're seeing birthing pains of what looks like on the news.
Are you afraid of it?
You shouldn't be.
We should know who we are.
We know what the Bible says is coming.
And regardless of what is going on on a boat or in Switzerland or whatever and they're being manifested and all these things, when the first case of COVID started breaking out and all that was going on, people got really freaked out and everything, but people weren't taking it serious in China and all that.
And like I said, this was to derail the revival that's about to take place.
The enemy is trying to combat the revival that's about to take place, but he's going to overplay his hand.
He knows what's been prophesied.
He knows what from Brother Hagin to Smith Wigglesworth to all the greats have all said—what's coming is a major outpouring.
And so he's like, 'How do I stop this?
' Well, the virus worked pretty good last time.
Everybody stopped going to church and they watched online only and people shut down churches for months.
Well, it worked pretty good last time.
So, how do we do it again if we know the revival is coming and we know the signs of the times?
How do we stop and derail a revival?
Get them afraid to go to church again.
There's a virus coming.
It's the boogeyman.
Remember, the boogeyman's coming.
He has all of it, and the virus is coming.
The virus works.
So that's what he's doing.
He has a plan.
He has a second wave coming.
And like I said, I don't know exactly when the date is.
I believe it's the fall of 2027 or 2028.
Could it be off?
Yeah.
But that's what I feel in my spirit and that's what I'm praying over because Trump was in power when it happened in the dreams.
So I've seen Trump's life in danger.
I've seen to pray over Trump's life.
I've seen to pray over him many times—continue to pray over Trump.
The enemy does not want Trump in office.
And I saw the body of Christ lifting him up and carrying him across the finish line.
And the Lord said, 'I'm holding the church accountable for how you pray for this man.
' And even praying for JD Vance, I saw Rubio, and I saw a two-term president coming.
And there's things that I believe, that we'll have leadership even in the tribulation.
'Do we have another eight years, Brandon?
' No, I don't.
But in the tribulation, the seven years, will there still be leaders?
Yeah, there will be the beast system, but there'll still probably be a leader of the United States of America.
So, it's me just looking into something going, 'Well, yeah, life as we know it keeps going.
' So, it doesn't stop.
People are still having babies.
People are still going to work.
People are still eating.
They have to go to the bathroom.
Got to have toilet paper.
You got to go to the mall and get clothes because people get fat and get skinny.
Things happen.
Life's going to still happen in the seven years.
It's just going to be hell on earth while they're having it.
But they're still going to buy, sell, and trade.
They're still going to be doing stuff.
Still got to go to work.
Got to pay your electric bill.
The water bill's due.
Things are happening.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer tonight.
And Father, we take authority over this virus.
We thank you, Lord, that it dies on that boat right now and it will not spread anymore over Europe.
We apply the blood of Jesus over Europe right now and over this virus.
And we say in the name of Jesus, we will not stand for it.
Father, I know where we are in the signs of the times, but Father, it will not affect us.
And I don't believe it's time yet.
You're not jumping the gun.
You're not doing things before it's time.
We need to have an outpouring of finances.
There's things that need to happen before this.
And I say in the name of Jesus, cease and desist in your maneuvering against us and the ticks and the meat and all this stuff that I've seen—all this going on.
We say no in Jesus' name.
We apply the blood of Jesus over this nation.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our churches.
And we rise up in the name of Jesus with a backbone like a crowbar.
And we say, 'Thus far and no further, Satan!
No weapon formed against us will prosper.
The blood of Jesus Christ is against you.
' We put anointing oil all around our house.
And as the death angel passed by the children of Israel, how much more will it pass by us?
For you are hiding us in the cleft of the rock.
And as it passes by, it will not touch us in any way.
We plead the blood of Jesus over every single person that's represented here tonight.
We cover them in the blood.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them would prosper in every area of their life: spiritually, physically, financially, mentally, emotionally.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they understand who they are in these last days.
That the anointing of the Holy Ghost dwells on the inside of them.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over every single one of them tonight.
And we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are encamped around and about them.
That we thank you, Lord, that you said that you give us the angels.
They will bear us up in their hands lest we dash our foot against the stone.
And I apply the blood.
It never loses its power.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord.
Great is your faithfulness to us.
Great is your faithfulness to us, Lord, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
We take authority over the spirit of fear.
We're not afraid of fear.
We're not afraid.
We believe, Father, that my Father loves us enough that He's provided His protection.
He's given us authority.
And when You told me great sobering days are coming, but what do you do when—what's the opposite of being sober, Brandon?
You said be filled.
Be drunk in the Holy Ghost.
Be filled with the Holy Ghost to overflowing.
And Father, we choose to look at the other side of the coin.
We are the remnant.
We are the body that has authority over this demonic stuff, and we will not stand idly by and just let it steamroll over us.
We will stand our ground and we say you ain't touching our households and you ain't touching the ones around us.
We plead the blood over our cities and our towns and over us, Father, that the greatest revival will begin with us.
The greatest revival begins with us.
You give life.
You are love.
You bring light to the darkness.
You give hope.
You restore every heart that is broken.
And great are You, Lord.
Great are You, Lord.
Every heart that is broken.
It's Your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise.
Pour out our praise.
It's Your breath in our lungs, so we pour out our praise to You only, God.
Great are You, Lord.
And all the earth will shout Your praise.
Our hearts will cry; these bones will sing.
Great are You, Lord.
Father, we just thank You, Lord.
Thank You, Father, because we pour out our praise to You only, Lord.
We pour out our praise, Father.
And we thank You, Father, for Your blood that covers us.
I take authority over the spirit of fear.
I feel there's some of you that are very freaked out and afraid right now.
Fearful.
I feel it.
And that was not the intent of what we were doing tonight.
You've got to shake it off.
You've got to know we are in the last of the last days.
But He has equipped you to be victorious.
It's never to put fear in a sister's heart or a brother because God is not the author of fear.
You understand?
He warns us of that which is to come.
But the job is not to scare you; it's to prepare you so that you know how to believe Him and get in this Word.
He is merciful.
But when you hear it, you hear it with the ears of the flesh and you go, 'Oh no, the sky is falling.
' The sky is not falling.
He's giving you time to get in this book, this beautiful Bible.
It's the book for me.
I stand upon the Word of God.
That Bible, you've got to get it in your heart, but you don't wait until the storm comes and go, 'Well, it's raining on my forehead, I better get in the Word.
' Joseph had time and he said, 'We better get the food around, Pharaoh.
We have seven years of plenty and seven years of famine.
' All fourteen altogether, and we better get ready.
So they didn't wait on their blessed assurance, sitting back in their hammock going, 'We've got plenty right now, we don't have to store up at all.
' No.
What did they do?
I say right now in this time, you get in the Word, you understand who you are.
You have to get that Word down in your heart and you memorize it.
You get it, and you meditate and mutter it like a cow.
You know how a cow chews up his cud and he spits it up—he chews again.
And then he swallows it and he chews again.
And you go, 'Well, that is really nasty.
' No.
That's what the cow does.
That's what you do.
You're going to spit it up out of your mouth and you chew on it.
You read the Word.
Chew on it.
You swallow it and you go, 'Right, that was good, Holy Ghost.
' And then you spit it up; you chew on it again.
And you go, 'Greater is He that is in me.
A thousand shall fall at my side.
' Oh, devil, don't you know you're defeated?
Greater is He.
You better understand it.
Don't be parroting what your pastor's telling you.
Don't be an echo; be a voice.
Understand who you are in these last days.
The devourer is knocking on your door.
Is he going to get in?
Are you in compromising sin?
Are you walking right with Him?
Are you taking communion daily, not just once a year?
Are you going up before Him and saying, 'Lord, I belong to You and I'm Yours and You're mine.
And I believe that You're inside of me and I believe I'm living by faith in the name of Jesus.
' I anoint my kids.
I anoint my house.
Satan, you can't touch us.
Either you start fighting like that now, because when the enemy comes and you hear it on the news, it's too late.
The boat and the ark doors closed, the rain is coming; it's too late.
Noah warned and he told everybody, 'The storm's coming.
' Oh, Noah, you're crazy.
But when that first drop fell on their nose, they realized they had messed up.
They realized that they were in trouble.
God warns His people that we're in the last of the last days.
And you better get your heart right before Him.
Time and time again, He's a merciful God that comes and says, 'Listen, I'm coming.
You've got to get right before Me.
This dispensation of grace is coming to an end.
Viruses, wars, plagues, and pestilence—these things are coming.
You've got to get your heart right.
You've got to get ready.
' And He sends people like me along the way yelling from the top of the mountains to the valleys.
Hey, without compromise, I try to tell you what He's saying.
I'm trying to tell you just like Noah.
Hey, listen.
He's coming.
But you ain't listening.
Hey, He's coming.
Jesus is coming.
You've got to get your heart right.
You've got to repent.
There's a plague coming.
There's one worse than COVID coming.
You've got to get right.
You've got to prepare.
You've got to get in this Word.
Get Psalm 91, Psalm 2.
So, is that fear or is that mercy?
That's mercy.
He's trying to tell you because He loves you.
You've got to get in that Word.
You've got to pray in the Holy Ghost.
We've got to pray together.
We've got to take communion.
You've got to understand.
He said, 'Teach them how to pray, Brandon.
Teach them how to come before Me like you do.
' I said, 'Lord, how do I do that?
' 'Show them.
Teach them by how you do it.
Just do it.
They'll imitate you.
' I figured out how to touch His garment and He visits me.
He fills my house and He comes and visits me.
The glory of God fills my house to the point where I can't move some days.
He walks and He talks with me, and He tells me I am His own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
My favorites: I come to the garden alone while the dew is still on the roses, and the voice I hear falling on my ear, the Son of God discloses.
And He walks with me and He talks with me, and He tells me I am His own.
And the joy we share as we tarry there, none other has ever known.
That's not fair because he's walking with you and he's talking with you.
That's relationship.
He speaks and the sound of his voice is so sweet.
The birds hush their singing, and the melody that he gave to me within my heart is ringing.
I love it.
B, that song when Elvis Presley sings that is special.
What about "God on the Mountain"?
Is he still God in the valley?
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times.
The God of the day is still God in the night.
That's it.
Life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never known.
But when things change, when you're down in the valley, don't lose faith, for you're never alone.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times.
You have to scroll on.
The God of the day is still God in the night.
We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain, but talk comes so easy when life's at its best.
But in the valley of trials and temptations, that's when your faith is really put to the test.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times.
The God of the day is still God in the night.
I like that song.
If I practice it, it would be better.
Life is easy when you're up on the mountain and you've got peace of mind like you've never known.
But when things change, when you're down in the valley, don't lose faith.
You know you're never alone.
And the God on the mountain is the God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
That's good, B.
It's the truth.
Father, I'm so grateful for you.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times.
The God of the day is still God in the night.
We talk of faith when we're up on the mountain, but talk comes so easy when life's at its best.
But in the valley of trials and temptations, that's where your faith is really put to the test.
And the God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times.
The God of the day is still God in the night.
Father, we're so grateful that you're the God of the day and you're the God of the night.
And we're so thankful that you're our friend.
And no matter how many people are afraid and they get all freaked out, Father, I tried my best.
I'm not responsible for their emotions, but my heart feels for them.
Maybe this time they'll listen and get right and they'll get in the Word, for they're running out of time.
A storm's coming.
We know the signs of the times, Father.
We lift up President Trump and the decisions he'll make in the days ahead.
And we thank you, Lord, that we don't have dread.
We keep our eyes on you.
For we know, Father, that you have our life in your hand.
No matter what the enemy tries to throw at us, we walk in victory and we go from glory to glory to glory.
We'll never be the same.
We're never the same.
We're so thankful, Father, that we cast our care onto you, for you care for us.
And we know that, Father, that honey glow will be all over us because you said the remnant.
And I believe the people that are here right now are the remnant.
And we will walk in power and authority over this virus whenever it happens or if it happens.
We're not afraid.
We're going to walk in victory, and we're going to be the ones that raise the dead and cast out devils and heal the sick and do everything that the Lord called us in the Great Commission to do.
Father, we're not begging believers.
We're believing believers that have a backbone like a crowbar and we will rise up in these last days and we will tell the people: This way, get on the boat.
You're running out of time.
Jesus is coming and you've got to get your heart right.
We thank you, Father, that you amplify the voices in these last days.
That you amplify the voices of the ones that you're wanting to use in the greater works we do, that you amplify the voices and we get right before you.
And we thank you, Father.
Why not you?
Why not now?
I say it all.
Why not me?
Why not you?
Why not now?
That's when faith is really put to the test, when you're in the valley of trials and temptations.
But the God on the mountain is still God in the valley.
When things go wrong, he'll make them right.
And the God of the good times is still God in the bad times.
The God of the day is still God in the night.
You understand the words?
He's God regardless of your circumstances.
He's God in good times and he's God in the bad times.
Some people, God's only God whenever they're having good times.
But God's God regardless of what you're going through.
He is God on the mountain.
He's God in the valley.
He's God in the night.
He's God in the day.
God is God.
And he is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
If you just believe him and you trust in him and you're confident in what he said, I am fully persuaded that what God has promised, he is able also to perform it.
I'm not moved by what I see on the news.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
He's never seen the righteous forsaken or his seed begging bread.
If he did it once, he will do it again.
God did it once and he will do it again.
God blessed me once and he will do it again.
He blessed me once and he will do it again.
Shelley sings that song.
Because you've got to pick up the shovel and dig another well.
I don't want to sing it; I just was thinking of the words.
You pick up the shovel and dig another well.
It's Psalms.
Yeah, Psalms 37.
I have been young and now am I old.
Yeah, I have not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
If God did it once, he'll do it again.
That's what King David is saying right then.
I've seen it whenever I was young, and I've seen it whenever I'm old.
Yet, I have not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread.
God blessed me once and he will do it again.
He blessed me once and he will do it again.
So you've got to pick up the shovel and dig another well.
Pick up the shovel and dig another well.
It's not time to be afraid.
It's time to be looking to him.
And you better understand who you are.
Thank you, Jesus, for who we are.
We're seated with him in the heavenlies, far above all principalities.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Ephesians, go over it and over and over.
Like Sister Billy always said, go over Ephesians all the time.
Brandon, you better take your authority.
Brandon, you've got to take your authority.
She told me: You've been praying, taking your authority?
Yes, ma'am.
You know, read 'The Authority of the Believer' by Billy Brim.
Read it.
Paisley's memorized it now.
Little girl, she's memorized it.
She'll quote it by herself.
We don't have to have the book.
What's it say, Paisley?
She'll be able to tell you.
You don't know how much Jesus loves you and how much he has a plan for your life, and he desperately wants a relationship with you and he wants you to have one with him.
Father, we're so grateful.
What is man that you are mindful of him?
What is man?
Do you have that one?
What is man that you are mindful of him?
Psalms 8:4-8.
What is man that you are mindful of him and the son of man that you visitest him?
He visits you.
He'll visit you.
Well, he's never been me.
Well, he'll visit you if you pursue him, if you have a relationship with him.
What is man that you are mindful of him, and the son of man that you visit him?
For you have made him a little lower than the angels, and you have crowned him with glory and honor.
You have made him to have dominion over the works of your hands.
You have put all things under his feet.
All sheep and oxen, even the beasts of the field, the birds of the air, and the fish of the sea that pass through the paths of the sea.
He's given you dominion and authority over all of it.
He's crowned you with His glory.
He dwells on the inside of you.
So why would you be afraid?
Jesus Christ crowned you with glory and honor, for you have made Him a little lower than the angels.
And you have crowned Him with glory.
So Father, we're so thankful that You've crowned us with Your glory.
You have crowned us with glory.
We're not afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth.
So go to Psalm 91.
We're not afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flieth by day.
We're not afraid of the pestilence that walks in darkness.
We're not afraid.
We walk through the valley of the shadow of death and we fear no evil.
He that dwells in the secret place of the Most High shall abide under the shadow of the Almighty.
I will say of the Lord, 'He is my refuge and my fortress, my God; in Him will I trust.
' Surely He shall deliver you from the snare of the fowler and from the perilous pestilence—that means the virus on the boat.
He shall cover you with His feathers, and under His wings you shall take refuge.
His truth shall be your shield and your buckler.
And you shall not be afraid of the terror by night, nor for the arrow that flies by day, nor for the pestilence that walks in darkness, nor for the destruction that lays waste at noonday.
A thousand may fall at your side, and ten thousand at your right hand, but it shall not come near you.
Only with your eyes shalt thou behold and see the reward of the wicked.
Because you have made the Lord, who is my refuge, even the Most High, your dwelling place, no evil shall befall you, nor shall any plague come near your dwelling.
You can stand on Psalm 91.
No evil shall befall you, nor shall any plague come near your dwelling.
Do you understand what He's saying in Psalm 91?
That's the one you can grab a hold of like a bulldog on a bone.
That's it right there.
If you don't have any of the other to stand on, stand on Psalm 91 concerning any of these viruses that are coming, concerning any wars.
No evil—it doesn't matter what it is—no evil shall befall you.
It's not going to hurt you.
Nor shall any plague come near your dwelling.
That means your house, you, your work, your car, your children, your school, whatever you may be.
He said in Psalm 91, 'No evil shall befall you, nor shall any plague come near your dwelling, for He shall give His angels charge over you to keep you in all your ways.
In their hands they shall bear you up, lest you dash your foot against a stone.
You shall tread upon the lion and the cobra, the young lion and the serpent you shall trample underfoot.
' Because he has set his love upon Me, therefore I will deliver him; I will set him on high because he has known My name.
He shall call upon Me and I will answer him; I will be with him in trouble; I will deliver him and I will honor him.
With long life I will satisfy you and show you My salvation.
Either you believe it or you don't.
Do you understand that?
That right there sets you free from all the fear of the plague that's coming.
Why?
Because it isn't for me.
Because I'm standing on Psalm 91.
Either you believe it or you don't.
I believe in Psalm 91.
I'm going to get it down inside of me.
Oh, Father, I thank You, Lord, that Psalm 91 is for me.
I don't care about the Zika virus or Coronavirus or any other virus.
I believe in Jesus's blood.
And He said I have authority, and the death angel is going to pass.
I'm in the cleft of the rock.
He's going to cover me.
I'm going to anoint with oil.
My cup runneth over.
I'm going to take this anointing.
I'm going to take Your covenant with You every day.
And I thank You, Father.
I don't do it out of fear; I do it because of relationship.
If you're doing it out of fear, you're like Job.
Job took sacrifice and did everything because he was scared about his kids and how they were acting.
And guess what?
That which he feared came on him.
Job 3:25: 'For the thing which I greatly feared is come upon me, and that which I was afraid of is come unto me.
' It was what he feared, and the devil came in through the fear.
Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
That's why we get a hold of Psalm 91 and we understand that fear is a door opener for the enemy to come steal, kill, and destroy.
'For the thing which I greatly feared has come upon me.
That which I was afraid of is come unto me.
' And so he was afraid of it.
What was he afraid of?
Go read all of Job.
His kids acting up and doing all the things that happened.
So he opened the door.
Don't open the door.
Keep the door closed.
The devil, don't accept his package on your porch.
No.
Return to sender.
You get out of here.
I've got the blood of Jesus Christ and I'm pleading it over my house.
I'm anointing my house.
No weapon formed against me is going to prosper.
Either you believe it or you don't.
We will not tolerate fear.
We will not have it in our house.
Perfect love casteth out all fear because fear has torment.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
We will not fear.
That's the first thing you've got to get a hold of right there: 'I will not fear.
' First John 4:18: 'There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear has torment.
He that feareth is not made perfect in love.
' We will not have fear.
There is no fear in love.
So that which he feared came on him the most.
I will not fear.
There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear.
'Beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God, and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God.
He that loveth not knoweth not God, for God is love.
' Beloved, let us love one another.
God is love.
So we just know that God is love.
God loves you.
Perfect love casteth out all fear.
Does that help you a little bit?
I felt that against the fear that was around about this.
I could hear it in the spirit realm.
My job is to tell you what I see coming.
And what I'm trying to tell you is shake it off.
Don't go to bed and have fear.
That which Job feared came on him, and we're not going to let any fear in.
We're trusting confidently in You.
I'm not afraid.
I'm not letting you in my house.
I'm not accepting your package.
Does it make sense what I'm trying to tell you tonight?
I'm trying to tell you, you've got to reverse it.
You've got to doubt the doubt.
You've got to come against the fear of it.
We know what the Word says and this is what we stand by concerning the fear of it.
Oh, I'm not scared.
Why not?
Because perfect love casteth out all fear.
My Father loves me.
My Father loves you.
We give you praise, Father, for what's coming.
We give you, Father, the light in the darkness.
Great are you, Lord.
And that right there is Paisley again praying in the background.
She's my little prayer warrior.
Father, we're so grateful.
Has this been a little bit different tonight?
I pray you've been blessed by some of it.
I know it's heavy, but I want you to be at peace.
I don't want to leave tonight without you being encouraged with the word concerning it.
You walk away with your head held high knowing that God's got this and you have scripture to back it.
I'm not just telling you something pie in the sky; this is scripture.
God said he'd protect us; he'd watch over us.
No matter what we see, no matter what we feel, I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel; I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And this is what the word of God says, and that's what you have to go by for a believing believer.
No matter what we see in visions, I'm not participating in that because I am underneath the covenant of the almighty God.
Does that help?
I don't see the comment section, but I know what I'm telling you.
The Lord said, 'Address the fear.
' He said, 'Brandon, you release that.
' Now, you got to address the fear of it.
Did that help?
You got to let us know.
I'll give you more.
98% good; you got to get a hold of it.
Psalms 91, Psalms 23.
To the other 2%, we just got to get in the word.
We got to keep stirring ourselves up, knowing who you are.
At the name of Jesus, every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that Jesus Christ is Lord.
You got to know that Jesus's name is above every coronavirus or any other name.
Father, I thank you.
Where do you mean to go with it, Lord?
I feel it's okay now.
I think we can stop tonight and come back tomorrow.
Thank you, Father.
Well, praise the Lord.
Did you get anything out of that tonight?
Yes.
All right, well, I'll end it there.
I'll be back again tomorrow and we'll pray.
I try to encourage you and stir you up.
It concerns me whenever I hear that there's fear in the atmosphere, and I go, 'Oh, no.
' I know it's not concerning me; I know what I know, but the Lord's warning me about things and I just want you to be encouraged.
We love you; we truly do.
There's so many of you that need to be taught more of the word of God so you understand the signs of the times that we're living in.
And the only way you'll know is by stuff like this.
Keep stirring yourself up.
Keep believing.
Be a believing believer in these last days.
And I know that God has the best yet to come for you.
And so we love you and we'll close it there.
We'll be back again tomorrow and we'll close this week out.
Tomorrow's Thursday.
Can you believe that already?
It's gone by so quick.
I didn't really feel like I prayed a lot tonight, but it was a lot of videos, I guess.
But it was good.
Not every video is always going to be the same.
So, we love you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again.